added example, additional info on configs and info on log rotation (#2)
ZahidMirza95/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: receiver/filelogreceiver/README.md

| Field                               | Default                              | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|-------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `include`                           | required                             | A list of file glob patterns that match the file paths to be read. The file path refers to the file path in the docker container (if you want to use a file from your local computer, you need to use a [docker volume](https://docs.docker.com/storage/volumes/)).                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: The collect will will not always run inside a container. I think we can omit this comment as about the file path inside the container as this has to do with the system and is general knowledge when using containers, you need to mount a volume with a path to the host if you need access to it.

| `include_file_path`                 | `false`                              | Whether to add the file path as the attribute `log.file.path`.                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `include_file_name_resolved`        | `false`                              | Whether to add the file name after symlinks resolution as the attribute `log.file.name_resolved`.                                                                                                                                                               |
| `include_file_path_resolved`        | `false`                              | Whether to add the file path after symlinks resolution as the attribute `log.file.path_resolved`.                                                                                                                                                               |

> | `poll_interval`                     | 200ms                                | The duration between filesystem polls. Takes `time.Duration` as value.                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: What do you mean `time.Duration`?  Assume the person using this component does knowledge about go. 
Can we maybe replace this by 
> The duration between filesytem pools. The duration can include the unit. e.g.: 200ms, 1s, 1m.

What happens if the unit is not specified?

Author: Sure I can make those changes. As for when it's not specified, it'll default to nanoseconds. I'll add that info to the doc as well

| `max_log_size`                      | `1MiB`                               | The maximum size of a log entry to read. A log entry will be truncated if it is larger than `max_log_size`. Protects against reading large amounts of data into memory.                                                                                         |
| `max_concurrent_files`              | 1024                                 | The maximum number of log files from which logs will be read concurrently. If the number of files matched in the `include` pattern exceeds this number, then files will be processed in batches.                                                                |
| `max_batches`                       | 0                                    | Only applicable when files must be batched in order to respect `max_concurrent_files`. This value limits the number of batches that will be processed during a single poll interval. A value of 0 indicates no limit.                                           |

> | `delete_after_read`                 | `false`                              | If `true`, each log file will be read and then immediately deleted. Requires that the `filelog.allowFileDeletion` feature gate is enabled. Cannot use if `start_at` is set to "end".                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `delete_after_read`                 | `false`                              | If `true`, each log file will be read and then immediately deleted. Requires that the `filelog.allowFileDeletion` feature gate is enabled. This option cannot be used if `start_at` is set to "end".                                                                            |
```

Reviewer: Also, this option is ignored or will the code error if `start_at` is set to "end"?

Author: An exception will be raised. Should this be documented as well?

Reviewer: yes, if that will crash teh collector, you can say something like: This option causes an error if it is used when `start_at` is set to "end".

Many parsers operators can be configured to embed certain followup operations such as timestamp and severity parsing. For more information, see [complex parsers](../../pkg/stanza/docs/types/parsers.md#complex-parsers).

### Log Rotation

> Log Rotation is supported for File Log Receiver, but the following settings need to be configured:

Reviewer: Nice work documenting this :)

          layout: '%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S'
```

## Example - Reading from a log file

Receiver Configuration
```yaml
receivers:
  filelog:
    include: [ /simple.log ]
    operators:
      - type: regex_parser

>         regex: '^(?P<time>\d{4}-\d{2}-\d{2}) (?P<sev>[A-Z]*) (?P<msg>.*)$'

Reviewer: can we use timestamp in the format from the previous example?
